## README for front-end: Youth Baseball Batting Order Tracker:

As a member and volunteer of my youth Baseball league we need a better way of
creating batting orders for teams on a seasonal basis.  Right now we use
paper and often the batting order are generated by hand just before a game.
The goal of this project will be to provide an option for entering a batting order
and then provide a means of keeping the data saved.

A secondary goal of the project is to lay the ground work for creating a suite
of 'easy-to-use' tools for our league coaches.

## Third Party Integration: Chatwee
Chatwee is a third party who provides chat service at a low to no cost basis.
Integration with Chatwee may be as simple as including a script tag in each
page of the league website.  Chatwee provides basic chat features which also
include file transfer.  This site uses the simplist integration, but may in the
future use more advanced integration features.

The user will notice a chat icon or chat window located in the lower half of the
screen upon landing on the site. Administration of the Chatwee features is done
in a secure dashboard that is completely separate from this project.

## Know Issue
Handlebars.js is used throughout the application.  There is a know issue in
refreshing various lists after an add, delete, or modify action has taken place.
Latency exists with the server where data may not be refreshed when reloaded by
application methods.  

## On Github
Front End Code Repo: https://github.com/MBKeeler/BNBSL-Batting-Order-Front-End
Frond End Code Hosted: https://mbkeeler.github.io/BNBSL-Batting-Order-Front-End/
Back End Code: https://github.com/MBKeeler/BNBSL-Batting-Order-back
Heroku: https://intense-earth-20554.herokuapp.com/

## Wire Frames & ERDs
https://imgur.com/a/5FK49

## Front-end Technologies
Javascript
Ajax
Bootstrap
Jquery Handlebars.js
HTML
CSS
Github Pages (hosting front-end)

##User Stories:

MVP Stories:

- As a coach, I want to be able to login to the application.

- As a coach I want to be able create a season with a year, team, and program.

- As a coach I want to be able to create a player and assign that player to a team.

- As a coach I want to be able to assign a player to a field position.

- As a coach I want to be able to assign a player to a position on the batting order.

- As a coach I want to be able to edit my player.

- As a coach I want to be able to view my team batting roster.


Secondary Priority Stories:

- As a coach I want to be able to view a graphical representation of player position assignments in the context of a baseball/softball diamond.

- As a coach I want to be able to view the application on my smartphone, tablet, laptop, or desktop without loss of functionality.

- As a coach I want the #4 batting position to be visually highlighted as the “clean-up hitter”.

- As a coach I want to be able to email or text the csv (or pdf if available) to another coach

- As a coach I want to be able to print a PDF file with my team’s batting roster with batting assignments

- As a coach I want the ability to record batting average as an optional player statistic

- As a coach I want to be able to view typical batting position name and characteristics. For example:

- Lead off hitter – high speed, base stealing capability, plate discipline

- As a coach I want to be able to download a csv file containing my team batting roster with player assignment and position.

- As a coach I only want to see my teams, but as an administrator I want to see all teams.

      Contact hitter –

      Three hole hitter – high batting average, moderate speed

      Cleanup hitter – highest batting average, batting power, high home run potential, moderate speed

      RBI hitters (5th & 6th)

      Defensive batters (7th & 8th)

      DH or if no DH then pitcher

- As a coach I want to be able to use Chatwee for messaging with my league peers

- As an administrator I want to be able to create seasons for each program.


Low Priority Stories for future versions:

- As a coach I want integration with my player evaluation system so that raw talent scores such as batting, fielding, and speed can be factored into the application.

- As a coach I want the application to produce a batting roster automatically using some of the raw scores for batting, fielding, and speed.
